HL SDK 2.3

Linux compile notes
-------------------

The source code distributed with the HL SDK contains two
portions that may be compiled under Linux: the game DLL and the
server launcher.  The game DLL code is located in the dlls/
directory and the server launcher code is located in the
dedicated/ directory.  A Makefile has been provided for each of
these.

One issue that needs to be addressed before compiling under Linux
is DOS style carriage return (^M) characters.  DOS (and hence
MS Windows) text files contain this carriage return character at
the end of every line, in addition to the standard linefeed
character.  Most compilers, preprocessors, and make utilities that
are used under Linux are confused by these characters, emitting
strange warning and error messages when compiling is attempted.
The solution is to remove these characters from all source,
header, and makefile files.  One way to do this is to use an FTP
utility to transfer each source, header, and makefile file
individually in ASCII transfer mode (as opposed to binary mode,
which is often the default) to the Linux development machine.
Another way of removing these unwanted characters is using an
application designed specifically to remove them.  Many people
have written programs to do this.  A simple search on any major
Internet search site (such as http://www.google.com) for
'dos2unix' or other related keywords should turn up useful
information about obtaining one of these programs.

The other area of concern when compiling under Linux is the
compiler itself.  The Half-Life source code seems to be
problematic for many compiler versions.  The recommended compiler
to use is EGCS 1.1.2, or a GCC version based on EGCS 1.1.2 (if
using gcc, try 'gcc -v' to see version information).  Newer and/or
older versions of GCC/EGCS (or other compilers) may or may not
work.  If problems are encountered with another compiler version,
the EGCS 1.1.2 compiler can be found on the GCC project's FTP
server, or on any of its mirrors.  A mirror list can be found at
http://gcc.gnu.org/mirrors.html.  EGCS 1.1.2 will be located in an
'old-releases' section on any mirror site.
